Help again.
So next we have do scuzzy controller as the one that we have right there do scuzzy control has it all
connected to this hard disk.
We have discussed control option right there.
It is not available to it into your part of the virtual machine.
But of course you can add cost control from hell.
For example this one.
And you can mediate editing for this one.
So you chose music out of it.
I mean if you have physical control inside our house you can use directly to this virtual machine.
Then the option of two channel tape etc..
So the scuzzy controller vidual this cannot be shared between virtual machine or virtual this can be
shared between a virtual machine or any other server or virtual this can be shared between virtual machine
on the same server.
So if we chose our a hard driver or a hard disk with something else then the ice causing this one right
here if you remember we have a zero on one or scuzzy or Sotha if we chose any tank rather than the scuzzy
controller.
This hard disk does not have the ability to shading its store.
This one like that your hard disk.
OK.
Then we click on the hard disk like that's
then if we chose for example I do the shooting will not be available for this one or you will have some
problem of the sharing of the hard disk between different virtual machine.
So we always need is discussing a controller like this one of course where you're connected to do exists
because the controller Brazil uses by the first one if you remember when we have a cable that's have
dual port.
We have the one that's connected to the motherboard and two port connected to do two to hard disk.
So that means you can't use the same controller to connect two physical hard disk or three or as much
as we have added to cable of the scuzzy control.
But we chose not cause the controller to connect with another one.
And of course a revision machine can support up to four new scuzzy control.
That's mean you can create false Kozhikode.
If we try to add another hard disk it will use another control the second third and default.
Then you can't OD on your control with our new hard disk.
You need to connect the hard disk with a sane Scalzo control available in the machine of course I mean
we need to raise a hard disk we simply click on this option right and then we have the option of ice
cause you can choose the one that you want.
Then we have to network adapter.
We talk about this one in the preview so the network you can't chose any network available for example
if the whole top door VM network for example one for the villain one and another one for the two.
You can chose this virtual machine from villaine want to be allowed to you can see the list of the VM
network available right there.
Then the option to connect me connect.
It's like when you plug in plugged the cable or you enable and disable do physical network adapter we
have in the host.
So when you chose a disconnect like this one this virtual machine will be disconnected from the network
drogue these network adapter which was connect those you're connected they have the option connects
at power on.
If we enable this one and click OK this rigid machine will keep connected to the network because we
have this one check it then we do with power of this video machine and power on it.
Again it will be disconnected because we chose to not connect at all were.
So always because this one connects at our own thoughts mean no matter what happen to this virtual machine.
And part of it is part of it were to connect to the network then have this option adapter tried to change
the speed of the adapter the MAC address.
Of course you need to power of the virtual machine to be able to change the speed and to mock Athanase
of the vitriol machine of this Vitruvian network adapter.
Then we have the cd dvd driver we have the option to connect to the client device.
That's mean.
This virtual machine connected to city the driver of the client.
Davies lets me do the cd dvd driver of my laptop.
This one right there.
It is connected to this one.
Any City DVD footage inside my laptop DVD driver will be detected by the virtual machine and we read
the contents of that CD and we have the host device lets me do a physical server.
Thats why this is.
I host have also our DVD driver.
This machine will connect to DVD drive an overdue physical host.
How I do have.
I host so this option is connected to DVD drive directly off the server.
Of course how do you chose connect or disconnect.
But you should care about this one when you choose to press and emotion.
Because if the terrorists want to migrate this machine from a host a to a host be it this host connected
to the host device will not going to migrate this virtual machine because we have a neuro So we always
get disconnected until we need it.
Then we enable this one also connects up both on me mean connected to house device.
We were power on your machine then we have the Isel Phylis me and from the data it will take a nasal
image from the data available light.
Take for example the store.
Me look at the all of the E-6 I host the top is Windows then the lot want lunch.
And the image lets me do floppy or ISO image.
Then we have do content liberally Isel mean from the center when we create at center we create our live
to put it tank inside it.
It's like a shared folder between the different E6 I host.
So does the news client host then to connect power on the VM and select the media from the VM hardware
panel on Shoemark up in the device mode emollient CD or past drug CD.
Then of course the video device more connected through the south.
Of course you need to port after chance this option right.
Then we have to use Be as the same as CD you have speech upon zero.
You can't change just sitting for example trip 1 0 etc..
Also you can use the right hand
or house to use.
People like this one not available.
Doesn't mean if I already have.
Are you still connected to my host.
I can't Adi's that of this machine to be connected directly so it shows the controller to click out.
You will see a new one right here.
It is at its byte 3.0.
Then you control this control and is not supported for the guest operating system.
So we have an issue right here because we have two options you don't so we can't add to 1 0.
We need only to change trip on 0.
But this operating system does not support 3 1 0.
Then we have to VDU cock a specific custom seating.
You can't chose the details about the video card in your host.
And right had to check it out Arduin video memory 3-D graphic.
You can enable to see the graphic in this video machine.
Of course you need to have a video card that she poured the coffee.
Also that video card shrewed support the virtualization.
Put example example in videos you force can support your decision.
So you connect this video card to the physical host then you attach it to this virtual machine that
does nothing with.
Is this a video card.
Give the user that these virtual machine the ability to work with the software that need our hide video
card like three digraph Rafique and some other option.
Also we have the VAMC device between machine communication and verifies that's connected to virtual
machine directly to the device of the motherboard of the server etc..
Then do other device like do I do the cable or the psa number 2 etc..
So this is a different option we have in our military machine and we are going to make some editing
to see the result directly in our product on the machine.
So the next to be.